Update planning.md (#54)
BostonPython/about: planning.md

We are always interested in ideas for new events. It could be a presentation night on a particular topic, or a new kind of event altogether.  Many of our current events were first proposed by members.

### To start planning an event:

> 1. Fill out the [event proposal form](https://forms.gle/ymyPXJkn8MbThadZA) here with some details of what you're thinking about, or make a post in the **#organizing** channel in [our Slack workspace](slack.md) with the same information. This does not have to be a complete plan! Just the seed of an idea is great - we are happy to help you expand on it.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we all wanted to go with the form.  One the one hand it could seem like paperwork, I guess on the other, it's intimidating to walk cold into a Slack channel where others are watching.

2. The [leaders](contact.md) of Boston Python will review your proposal and see if it's a good fit for our community. 

3. If you're not already in Slack, we will invite you to join us there. There, we'll discuss your idea in more detail. This is where you can help shape what the event will eventually look like! 

4. We'll choose a specific leader for you to pair with. They will be there to support you during the planning process and can help with brainstorming, logistics, getting the event officially listed on [Meetup.com](https://www.meetup.com), etc.

5. The event goes live! 

6. We will likely want to have a quick debrief chat after the event to get your impression of how things went. If things went well, we might do it again!

### Tips for a good event planning experience
1. Stay active in the discussions that happen in Slack.  We plan collaboratively.  Others will have helpful ideas or tips to make the event successful.

> 2. Take ownership of your idea. You're the one with the vision! We will help you get there. 

Reviewer: I don't know what people will think "Take ownership" means.

> 3. You don't need to stick to the types of events that we currently run (e.g., Presentation Nights). We have a broad user base, and variety helps us reach more of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You don't need to stick to the types of events that we currently run (for example, Presentation Nights). We have a broad user base, and variety helps us reach more of them.
```
